Dad, you don't have to be afraid of him
For the sake of your father being a dog for me all his life
Can let you go
Come here and lick it clean for me
Mr. Wang
But I want to listen to Mr. Xu now
I just bought a company this morning
Why didn't anyone notify you?
Well, Mr. Xu has acquired the company today
You've been fired.
To move out of here as soon as possible
Impossible Impossible
Your company is only worth 100 million. That's cheap
You lick me
Detect danger to life
In order to protect the safety of players
Early reward for mind reading once a day
Xu Tao, you should be arrogant. Anyway, someone taught you a lesson.
You and your dad won't survive tonight's mind reading
Stop
I wish my reward was Scud.
This grandson runs so fast
Mr. Xu
Wang Kaisi, he asked me to his house to talk about work before
I know his address
This old man can't talk about work, the company is at home
Son, what's going on?
What Mr. Xu
And why did Wang Kaisi run away?
Xuetao, you are arrogant
Anyway, someone taught you and your father a lesson
You and your father won't survive tonight
Dad
You must follow me today and can't go anywhere
Secretary Li, please bring my little brother
Go get Wang Kaisi back
Why doesn't the family have such a rich and noble life?
You kid, are you breaking the law?
Father, why don't I have the life to take revenge?
Times come and go, times come and go, have you heard of it?
Hey, big brother, didn't find anyone?
Is there really any adult?
That's impossible.
He must be talking nonsense.
Anyway, I have King Kong not bad
Tianwang Lao Tzu is here, I'm not afraid, etc., etc.